Drink and leave before you start
Wow. Wow.
OK
Ha ha.
This old thing is through in less than a bottle
Old trash
The little waste family is waste
Shut up!
The wedding is not over yet
I won't give face to my mother's family
If this Xueqing marries, she can still have a good life
Grandma scrapped
They were there to protect me
Don't worry, Xueqing won't be wronged if she marries
I can still drink
Ah!
Ah, are you alright?
Ah it's alright old thing
Okay, I don't want to pick up the bride
Must drink I tell you
You drink the same
How amazing you are
But
If you have something to do
Obediently cancel this marriage
So that's your purpose
Stop talking nonsense and dare to gamble
Why wouldn't I dare? If I win, it's up to you
If you win
I kneel down and kowtow to you three times
Enough for me to win
All your family property is given to Xueqing as a dowry
Aren't you afraid of you?
But
Drink four bottles first
You are stupid, you never drink alcohol since you were a child.
Drink me stupid
Don't ask, what if you get alcoholism?
Don't worry.
He is no match for me either.
I drink like a drinker